One last thing I would like to add to this journal entry is what remains of this paragraph: I have an uncomfortable suspicion that the past three generations of humans secretly (or not so secretly) concluded that they would be the last to enjoy a decent standard of living while their children and grandchildren were expected to all die from ecological collapse, economic collapse, or warfare. That's why my generation (the millennials) seem to work so hard yet hardly be able to afford to pay for even the basics. I imagine that cynicism and/or apathy about humanity's future is so pervasive in some populations that those people only give birth to unplanned babies as a result of reckless and drunken sex with people they did not ever plan on living with nor supporting economically and that Women Infant and Children checks from the government made such reckless breeding profitable. Once the children reach adolescence, the parents are legally entitled to kick those kids out of the house and leave them to fend for themselves in a savage urban jungle while the deadbeat parents carry on as though they never had children because they never really wanted those children and because they only kept those children for the duration of time in which they were entitled to receive free money from the government as a reward for having those kids. I think that overpopulation is mostly the result of unplanned pregnancies and a desire to get free money and other social benefits which would otherwise not be possible. Finally (and related to an article I found yesterday about how Japan is making progress towards being able to grow human fetuses inside of artificial wombs using gametes derived from skin cells), those who disapprove of enabling human babies to be incubated inside of artificial wombs on the basis that doing so is "playing God" or otherwise "morally wrong" are implicitly condoning that women be raped and die as a result of labor complications. I am disgusted and dismayed at how so many humans are okay with women being used as mere means to the end of making more humans and providing men sexual gratification while those women are treated as slaves who are easy to exploit and disposable (as if a woman's sentience is irrelevant). I think such callous disregard of women's sentience coincides with apathy about saving the environment and sparing other animals from the suffering of being held captive and painfully slaughtered so that humans have tasty meat or pretty furs to harvest. I also think that many humans are okay with the human species going extinct because they only care about themselves. Its like saying, "I'm gonna die someday. Once I die, I won't care about whether anyone else lives or dies (but I prefer that everyone dies so that I don't have to miss out on what would otherwise be human existence without me). If I don't get to travel to other galaxies and have super powers as a result of advanced prosthetics which do not exist yet, I don't want anyone else to either. Hence, I'm all for using up the last of Earth's resources and rendering Earth uninhabitable for humans who get to live after me."
