X: "My religion pertains to allowing every being to attain happiness. My religion also pertains to enabling all beings to coexist in harmony with each other."

Y: "In order for some organisms to survive, some other beings have to die. Likewise, in order for some people to be rich, some other people have to be poor (or at least not as rich)."

X: "What you say pertains only to the dystopian realms and not to the utopian realms. In the utopian realms (which exist as parallel universes to this universe and which will be what this relatively savage universe will evolve into as a result of practicing my religion), all sentient creatures will be able to thrive without having to kill nor torture any other sentient creature. The creatures who cannot or who refuse to refrain from causing other sentient creatures to suffer or to be slaughtered will be painlessly and swiftly euthanized while they are asleep and unsuspecting that they are about to be euthanized so that those euthanized creatures experience no sense of dread nor loss nor pain pertaining to them anticipating their death (and all sentient creatures who enter into any one of the utopian realms will be given unconditional access to advanced medical technology which extends their lifespans for an indefinitely long time period and which cures all diseases and all injuries which may arise in such individuals. Sentient beings who inhabit that realm will be given the unconditional option to die by physician assisted suicide using quick and painless means. Finally, in order to eliminate the suffering which is caused by overpopulation (i.e. too many sentient creatures subsisting on too few finite resources such as adequately nutritious food, drinkable water, breathable air, adequate shelter, and all the desirable commodities which civilization could provide), only a certain number of sentient creatures will be permitted to reside as permanent residents of that particular utopian realm (and the first of those sentient creatures to arrive at that realm are the first fill those limited positions while all others are quickly, painlessly, and unexpectedly euthanized in their sleep)."

Y: "How many people need to practice your religion in order to manifest the transition from the dystopian realm to the utopian realm as you describe?"

X: "Each person has the opportunity to transcend whichever dystopian realm they happen to be in and enter a particular utopian realm. The utopian realm a particular person enters depends on which dystopian realm that person is coming from. I would revise my religion now to say that each person inhabits its own solipsistic universe at all times (which means that any other inhabitants which that person perceives as being part of that person's environment will either transcend with that person to the same utopian realm or else not transcend with that person to that utopian realm). The only people who are real rather than non playable holograms which are effectively philosophical zombies (i.e. beings which appear to be conscious but are really just unsentimental holograms) are those who are guaranteed to either be reincarnated indefinitely many times (to live inside of a dystopian realm each one of those times) or else reincarnate as many times as it takes for that incarnated individual to clear its karmic debt in order to transcend into a utopian realm where it can either live for an indefinitely long time inside of that utopian realm or else opt for suicide as a means to end its life and end up being reincarnated either in a utopian realm again or else in some dystopian realm (depending on that person's current inter-lifespan karmic debt). If that person's karmic debt is sufficiently low, that person has more and better options for which realm to enter into for its next lifetime than what would be available to that person if it had more karmic debt. That conditional limitation helps to keep the heavenly realms devoid of hellish activity. In other words, one has to exude sufficiently heavenly qualities in order to be admitted to a heavenly realm."

Y: "Is it possible for a person to opt out of reincarnation to simply become unconscious and nonexistent?"

X: "How long of a non existence period are you talking about?"

Y: "Either for an infinitely long period or else for a finite period of respite from carnal existence."

X: "Hmm. After a sufficiently long period of non-existence, non-existence is probabilistically guaranteed to become some form of material existence; some kind of object with at least some form of rudimentary identity in the form of traits which occur inside of some space-time interval of positive length. If that spontaneously generated object happens to be a sufficiently intelligent information processing agent (i.e. an organism with self awareness and the ability to make voluntary decisions), that object could choose to either continue existing or else to dissolve into simpler and less intelligent components."

Y: "From what I understand about nature, not all sentient creatures seem to have the choice to die whenever they want to nor to teleport to some other universe as some reincarnated being or to non-existence without reincarnation (immediately or ever again in the future). Some people are held prisoner and unable to move because they are in some kind of restraint and hence forced to stay alive for some duration of time. If and when those restrained individuals die, there is no empirical evidence available suggesting that those dead individuals are then reincarnated in some other universe or in some other body (either in the same universe they died inside of or in some other universe). Using Occam's Razor (i.e. the heuristic of selecting what appears to be the simplest hypothesis from a set of multiple competing hypotheses about the same phenomenon), my current favored hypothesis about mortality is that, once an organism dies, that organism ceases to be conscious inside of the universe which that organism died inside of and that organism ceases to have any identity inside of the universe which that organism died inside of (because the matter and energy which was configured such that a particular finite scope of consciousness emerged and was sustained ceases to be arranged in that configuration)."

X: "My religion says that pure nothingness is pure consciousness itself. Therefore, consciousness is not an emergent property of matter and energy. Instead, matter and energy are emergent are emergent properties of pure consciousness. Time and space (which are necessary for matter and energy to exist and to be observed to exist) are also emergent properties of pure consciousness. Therefore, according to my religion (which is panpsychism), whenever an organism dies, the configuration of matter and energy which enabled that organism to have a mind localized to a particular physical body dissolves such that the mind stops rendering experiences from that vantage (but the consciousness which experienced a particular space-time continuum through the vantage of that mind-body experiences ceaseless continuity as an immortal, irreducible, and fundamentally ubiquitous substrate). Once an allocation of consciousness is released from the confines of a particular mind-body which recently dissolved, that newly released consciousness re-enters the seamless field of ubiquitous consciousness and is hence free to localize wherever it wants to if it wants to. I think that, after a while, consciousness will want to inhabit some kind of mind-body rather than stay relegated to the state of a non localized and disembodied allocation of consciousness. Then, once an allocation of consciousness is bound to a specific mind-body for some duration of that mind-body's lifespan, the consciousness inside if that mind-body will also want some kind of chance to occur (either by evolving or by dying to exit the relatively limited evolutionary path of that particular mind-body)."

Y: "I am inclined to also assume a pansychic worldview but I am uncomfortable adopting speculative beliefs about what will happen to my awareness after I die. I am also inclined to assume an absolutely solipsistic worldview which posits that there never exist any parallel universes to the universe I happen to be inhabiting (or rendering as a simulation such that I appear to be the only point of view available for me to take the perspective of) and that, once my mind-body dies, the universe I appear to be inhabiting will vanish as a result of my mind-body vanishing because the universe I experience is merely a simulation which my brain is running."

X: "Suppose you are correct and that I am merely a philosophical zombie of a non playable character occurring as a part of your private and singular (throughout all time) physical universe simulation. When you go to sleep and experience no dreams, you are effectively dead. When you go to sleep and have no dreams, this simulation we are having a conversation inside of will be nonexistent while you experience dreamless sleep. When you wake up from a period of dreamless sleep, the physical universe simulation which you are running now will resume running but in such a way as to make it appear to you as though a certain amount of time (perhaps eight hours) elapsed while you were apparently asleep because the universe you wake up to will appear to have been existing and having energy and matter changes occur within it while you were sleeping. If reality is absolutely solipsistic with you being the only observer and only playable character throughout all time, then there is only one universe being simulated at any one time (unless you experience the capacity to experience multiple non-overlapping universes simultaneously or to experience multiple points of view simultaneously in what appears to each of those points of view to be a single shared universe) or else there is no universe being simulated at all. What I mean to suggest is that you might wake up to inhabit a mind-body with false memories of a universe which never existed prior to you waking up inside of it and that such memories exist as part of making that simulation feel realistic (i.e. like that universe had matter and energy occurring in it before you woke up or that you had experiences operating as the same mind-body you are when you wake up as you did at past times in that same universe). What I mean to say is that any experience you have is ultimately just a dream. Some dreams seem to pick up where they left off when you enter them; thereby creating a sense of narrative continuity with you being a character who appears to have lived for longer inside that dream than the actual length of that dream. Fundamentally speaking, there is no difference between a single dream episode and a single lifespan."

Y: "Interesting. I will need to do some more research on these subjects. Perhaps I'll try getting into lucid dreaming and take higher doses of psychedelics to see if I can build a more complete and inter-episodic knowledge base to help me decipher what is going on at a physical and metaphysical level."
