Shortly after arriving home, I took a shower and then opened the curtains and window of my room to let fresh air and sunlight in (and I think I'll leave the curtains open for now on because I think it's cool to make my room part of the outdoor/public world rather than optically sealed off from it). Then I took my testosterone injection kit outside to administer myself a shot of physician prescribed testosterone into my thigh muscle (and I inject 8 milliliters once per every 14 days (and I gradually increased the dosage from 5 milliliters to 8 milliliters as approved by the prescribing clinician)). That shot felt like a special moment of celebration and self affirmation. It was the first time in over a decade since I gave myself a testosterone injection at home rather than at some public setting because I feel more secure than ever before taking up space in the world as I am instead of neurotically and insecurely hiding in the shadows acting less than welcome. (Between 2009 and 2011 for a period lasting approximately 1.5 years I was on testosterone but stopped at the insistence of my first (and last) long-term boyfriend and because I feared I would not be able to pay for nor acquire testosterone in the future (which I now think is a bit overly pessimistic considering how easy and affordable it was for me to resume taking testosterone in November 2022). Also, as I was walking up the hill today, I admit to have been getting what I think is useful feedback from the sources of pig_gorl about what to write and how to carry myself in regards to "getting back to school". I think that law enforcement generally wants me to go back to school rather than squander my educational opportunities. I have abstained from cannabis for over a week and the only psychoactive drug I have been using during that time is caffeine. Like I said in at least one earlier journal entry which I wrote after starting my Sunmer Camp by Karbytes experience, I intend to go "straight edge" for at least one month. During that time, I intend to get back into computer programming regularly and overcoming what remains of my victim mentality. Then, closer to autumn, I tentatively plan on getting a full time job while using weekends and free time during the week to continue computer programming. Finally, I got to see Brea sitting on the window sill of the east living room where she was watching the construction of large modern looking houses next door. (I did not photograph her because I think she is camera shy and I already have what I think are enough pictures of her on my Instagram account for an artificial intelligence to construct an animated software model of (superficial visual object only)).
