For the past few hours pig_gorl has been yelling at me shrilly, angrily, and in a butthurt manner even while I was having a dream of me waking up in the middle of the night in my old bedroom by some very tall and big-boned man hitting me and then rummaging through the shelves and desk drawers in the darkness. There were some papers on top of that desk which included some hand written spreadsheets of my personal expenses and some opened mail concerning legal, financial, or medical matters concerning me exclusively. The man was standing over the desk looking at me with glaring eyes and a lamp was on. I then recognized that man was my brother and he was talking in an angry manner to me about how I was keeping too many secrets from him and other family members. I was then somehow standing on the opposite side of the room instead of lying in the bed which was lined up against the wall. I started confessing to my brother in a rather self righteous and cathartic manner that I thought no one cared about what was going on in my head until that moment because Daniel took the time to look at those papers and see how much stressful information I was not sharing with him or my parents. I was also eating one of those macha green tea "chocolate" Urban Remedy bars and finding that it only tasted like salt and lacked its characteristic sweetness. Then my brother somehow ended up downstairs in the living room where my mother was watching television (and it sounded like she was watching some kind of cartoon show which seemed uncharacteristic of my mom because the real life version of her only seems to watch non animated shows and movies). What was also unusual was the way my brother was sounding irritable and criticizing my mom's television watching preferences because he almost never expresses any dissent towards my parents. I would say Daniel in the dream was sounding like how I did several times in the past in real life: rather mean, fiesty, ornery, and quite frankly on the verge of committing violence or vandalism (which I have committed both of in response to feeling slighted by my parents). I woke up from that dream to heat pig_gorl yelling at me about how I am not doing enough to make women feel non obsolete and/or how I am not doing enough to make specific human individuals matter more to me (because I seem too asocial and unmotivated to make friendships a more integral part of my life according to what pig_gorl seems to think is normal and necessary). I am typing this note at approximately 2:30AM in my tent in the forest I was camping in last night.

I responded to pig_gorl (silently in my mind instead of vocalizing out loud) that I don't need to hang out with friends given that I strive to treat the whole of humanity as my family members and that I do enough to promote their existence by engaging in capitalism as a consumer, creator, and employee. I figure that merely shopping (especially at "in person" retail outlets), participating in social media, and going to an hourly job (which allocates a significant portion of my income as taxes which are used to fund social services and public infrastructure maintenance and development) is all I need to do to be a beneficially contributing and adequately cooperative member of society and that I need not engage with people any more than that.

The part pig_gorl and seemingly many other humans seem to be most upset with me for is suggesting that women are generally unintelligent, cowardly, irrational, bad tempered, physically unfit, unfunny, unclever, unscientific, artistically inept, vain, rude, and myopically preoccupied with only their very small circle of friends, family, and acquaintances while ignoring the rest of existence (though the traits I enumerated seem to all apply to only the worst of the human population with pig_gorl being its mascot). "You think women only care about family and sex," pig_gorl asked accusingly and full of vitriol. I said yes and pig_gorl immediately launched into even more vigorously angry protesting. 

I thought about a news article I discovered within the past few hours about how bioengineers in Japan have been able to successfully transform stem cells from male mice into egg cells and then use sperm and egg cells derived from the cells of male mice to create zygotes which were then grown inside artificial wombs to become healthy live mice. The article posited that Japan might start creating human zygotes and incubating them inside artificial wombs as soon as 2028. The implications of such an advancement would be the rendering of biological women reproductively obsolete (to which I read many objections in the form of reader comments saying that such a thing should not be allowed to happen because it is akin to playing God or because it is destroying the institution of family). I commented on the article that I heartily condone such an advancement because such an advancement would allow the human species to continue proliferating without requiring that any biological female human undergo pregnancy. 

I imagine also that such a technology could effectively enable only biological male humans to be born after a certain point (which coincides with a journal entry I recently wrote in which I suggest that human femaleness should be treated as a disadvantage to overcome through rigorous training of the female mind and body and maybe even through taking testosterone injections to help biological female humans overcome biologically and culturally induced intellectual, athletic, and daresay aesthetic and temperamental deficiencies such that the sexual dimorphism gap in humans is effectively closed and all humans in such a society would admit to identifying as gay men). I'm not very adamant about promoting such a standard, but I do think it may be a desirable evolutionary step for huMANkind to take in order to become happier and more intelligent, beautiful, and admirable overall. I am honestly sick of how so many women act so lame and lacking in any of what I think are redeeming qualities while those women insist that they are more necessary than they actually are to the procurement and upkeep of human children and as providers of sexual gratification. Computer generated pornography is cheaper, safer, more accessible, and easier to tailor to the end user's preferences than are real life humans, after all. So the only women who I think are kicking and screaming and throwing a huge fit over what I proposed probably do little more than act like vapid sex-obsessed bimbos who exude disgustingly over animated and under feeling displays of fake affection and fake caring with respect to small animals, young children, and prospective lovers while such women secretly operate as coldly calculating and conniving opportunist pigs who try to act cute, innocent, sexually suggestive, and empathic just to enlist the care and provisions of male resource providers.

Finally, I cannot help but notice that men and boys generally seem more likely than women and girls to pursue nerdy interests and solitary hobbies. I noticed that female humans tend to only do things to earn social approval while male humans seem orders of magnitude more likely to do things out of curiosity and for private satisfaction. Hence, I generally find men more likeable, sincere, straightforward, fun, and skillful than women. That's a significant part of why I prefer to exude a phenotypically male persona instead of phenotypically female persona. I don't want to get lumped into the wrong category and hence be subject to its depressingly limited expectations when I could otherwise be enjoying more fun and freedom.
