I believe that most people would rather have their problems to deal with than have my problems to deal with. Related to what I just said is the idea that (I think) most people would rather pollute than be left for dead. What I mean by the previous sentence is that, if you do not consent to destroying the environment in order to survive while being a member of society, then you deserve to be left for dead because your failure to conform to society is a burden to society (which means you will be treated as a pathogen to get rid of rather than as a valued component to maintain). Unlike me, most humans seem to rather nonchalantly burn fossil fuels, eat meat, and keep caged and leashed animals as pets. If most people were like me, the world would radically change within a few days because people would not be so nonchalant about the things which seem to aggravate me to a much more noticeable extent. To have my sensibilities is too risky because it almost guarantees that you will be ostracized, demonized, and tortured. Most people would rather not have to suffer in that way. Hence, most people avoid thinking about this matter too deeply (because, if they did, they would have a nervous breakdown). 

But what about the children? I think future generations of humans will fare better than I am because future generations will have better technology, a more educated populous, and a better standard of living resulting from both. I doubt that my existence will ever have done anything essential towards providing humanity a better standard of living because I doubt that I will ever invent anything revolutionary nor do anything particularly monumental. Even though I believe that I am exceptionally smart, compassionate, creative, and brave and that what I am doing as a web author is exceptionally unique and insightful, I doubt that my impact on human civilization will be seem by other humans as exceptionally noteworthy. If I was never born at all, it will be the same as if I was born because my existence hardly made a noticeable dent to anyone. That's okay with me. Humans are eventually expected to go extinct because the universe they live in is expected to expand at a rate which is close to the speed of light if not faster (which means that all complex matter in that universe will break down into simpler parts). So humans might as well stop worrying about preserving themselves long term and, instead, enjoy their opportunities to be conscious while those opportunities last. Humans might as well pollute for that reason too. As long as you get your jollies off, you need not be concerned about future humans getting their jollies off because you will be long dead by then.  Well, that's all I have to say for now. Good night!

(By the way, I do think it is admirable for a human to invest in the welfare of sentient creatures other than itself even if doing so is not necessary to that human's survival because what that human is doing is increasing the net happiness of the universe, or at the very least, providing a refreshing example of voluntary altruism because, without such an example, each human would only act in order to preserve itself. If each human only acted in order to preserve itself, humanity might survive and thrive quite well, but it might feel a bit more unfriendly and uncomfortable to exist as a human in such circumstances. Honestly, I think I would thrive at least as well in such a scenario because, in my mind, all demonstrations of human benevolence are done exclusively out of self interest while using the targets of "generosity" as mere tools by which to flatter oneself for having the chance to seem useful when one otherwise would seem useless. A human really only lives to gratify itself. Generosity is just another way to gratify oneself. It's not particularly admirable, in my opinion, for a human with a comfortable standard of living to offer a homeless person free clothes and food just as it's not particularly admirable for a mother to feed and clothe its own biological offspring. If I identify as a human individual, then I fare better if I invest in the welfare of more humans than just myself because humans evolved to thrive as a socially interdependent species and not as lone hunters like mountain lions have. It's good for my mental health to stay up to date about what happens in the world beyond my own backyard because my brain evolved to crave being part of a society which includes more than just my parents, mate, and offspring. Fulfilling my craving for such stimulation keeps me from feeling painfully deprived of what makes me feel human instead of "subhuman". Being an informed citizen makes me feel more agential than not being an informed citizen. Having agency feels better than not having agency. I doubt any human has ever done anything for any other reason than to enhance or to maintain one's own ego (and an ego likes to have a sense of agency (i.e. control) rather than to be deprived of agency (because to lack agency is to have no way to control one's own comfort levels nor survival odds)). So stop bragging about how generous and compassionate you are, you selfish, needy pig! If you want to offset your burden to other sentient creatures, kill yourself. Killing yourself would likely mitigate your harmful impact to society more than you continuing to breathe. You have my enthusiastic permission to swiftly kill yourself. I will not lie to you by saying your existenceis essentialto anyone else's).

















